{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f59\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f60\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f62\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f63\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f64\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f65\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f66\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f67\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f379\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}
{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f382\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}
{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \styrsid9532429 HTML Preformatted;}{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20 \sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \ssemihidden HTML Preformatted Char;}}
{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9378775\rsid9532429\rsid11023110\rsid14050666\rsid15937624}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info
{\title TABLEAU SERVER employs third-party software and utilities, all of which are covered by their associated licenses}{\operator admin.local}{\creatim\yr2007\mo8\dy20\hr15\min37}{\revtim\yr2016\mo8\dy22\hr12\min51}{\version5}{\edmins8}{\nofpages19}
{\nofwords7522}{\nofchars42879}{\nofcharsws50301}{\vern49167}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot14050666 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid14050666 
\par TABLEAU SERVER employs third-party software and utilities, all of which are covered by their associated licenses.  These packages have the following copyright notices.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par The Dojo Toolkit is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2005-2006, The Dojo Foundation
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
\par     list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
\par     and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par   * Neither the name of the Dojo Foundation nor the names of its contributors
\par     may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
\par     without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIM
I
TED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY 
WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Jackrabbit and its associated libraries are subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2004-2007, The Apache Foundation.  See Apache_2_0_License.txt for
\par license information. 
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par SLF4J is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2004-2007 QOS.ch All rights reserved. Permission is hereby
 granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distr
i
bute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substanti
a
l portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUT
HORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Neko is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par The CyberNeko Software License, Version 1.0
\par 
\par (C) Copyright 2002-2005, Andy Clark.  All rights reserved.
\par  
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:  
\par      "This product includes software developed by Andy Clark."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "CyberNeko" and "NekoHTML" must not be used to endorse
\par    or promote products derived from this software without prior 
\par    written permission. For written permission, please contact 
\par    andyc@cyberneko.net.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "CyberNeko",
\par    nor may "CyberNeko" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the author.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR OTHER CONTRIBUTORS
\par BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
\par OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT 
\par OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR 
\par BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
\par WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
\par OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, 
\par EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par PDFBox is covered by the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003, www.pdfbox.org
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
\par    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 3. Neither the name of pdfbox; nor the names of its
\par    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
\par DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
\par (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
\par LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
\par ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
\par (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Oniguruma is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Oniguruma is Copyright (c) 2002-2006  K.Kosako <sndgk393 AT ybb DOT ne DOT jp>
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par active-directory-0.9.3 is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Justin Mecham
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
\par of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
\par deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
\par rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
\par sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
\par furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
\par all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
 NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHE
RWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par cgi_multipart_eof_fix is subject to the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright 2006, 2007 Cloudburst, LLC. Portions copyright 2006 Jeremy Kemper, Jamis Buck, Zed A. Shaw, and Yukihiro Matsumoto, and used with permission. Licensed under both the AFL 3.0 and Ruby License.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par hpricot is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2006 why the lucky stiff
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
\par included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
\par NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
\par CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
\par TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
\par SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par util.c and missing/strtod.c are subject to the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1988-1993 The Regents of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.
\par Copyright (c) 1994 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies.  The {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 makes no representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par missing/strtoul.c is subject to the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright 1988 Regents of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
\par software and its documentation for any purpose and without
\par fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
\par notice appear in all copies.  The {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par makes no representations about the suitability of this
\par software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without
\par express or implied warranty.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par missing/vsnprintf.c is subject to the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1990, 1993
\par The Regents of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.  All rights reserved.
\par 
\par This code is derived from software contributed to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Berkeley{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} by
\par Chris Torek.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
\par    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
\par    without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
\par ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SH
ALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTI
ON) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par missing/crypt.c is subject to the following copyright:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1989, 1993
\par    The Regents of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.  All rights reserved.
\par 
\par This code is derived from software contributed to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Berkeley{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} by
\par Tom Truscott.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
\par    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 3. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
\par    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
\par    without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
\par ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROF
I
TS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par log4r is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Log4r is copyrighted free software by Leon Torres <leon@ugcs.caltech.edu>.
\par You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL, 
\par or the conditions below:
\par 
\par 1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
\par    software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
\par    original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.
\par 
\par 2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that
\par    you do at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par      a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise
\par         make them Freely Available, such as by posting said
\par         modifications to Usenet or an equivalent medium, or by allowing
\par         the author to include your modifications in the software.
\par 
\par      b) use the modified software only within your corporation or
\par         organization.
\par 
\par      c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict
\par         with standard executables, which must also be provided.
\par 
\par      d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 3. You may distribute the software in object code or executable
\par    form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par      a) distribute the executables and library files of the software,
\par         together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent)
\par         on where to get the original distribution.
\par 
\par      b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of
\par         the software.
\par 
\par      c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, with
\par         instructions on where to get the original software distribution.
\par 
\par      d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
\par    software (possibly commercial).
\par 
\par 5. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
\par    IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
\par    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
\par    PURPOSE
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par mongrel is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Mongrel Web Server (Mongrel) is copyrighted free software by Zed A. Shaw  You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL or the conditions below:
\par 
\par 1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
\par    software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
\par    original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.
\par 
\par 2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that
\par    you do at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
\par Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or an
\par equivalent medium, or by allowing the author to include your
\par modifications in the software.
\par 
\par b) use the modified software only within your corporation or
\par    organization.
\par 
\par c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with
\par standard executables, which must also be provided.
\par 
\par d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 3. You may distribute the software in object code or executable
\par    form, provided that you do at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par a) distribute the executables and library files of the software,
\par together with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where
\par to get the original distribution.
\par 
\par b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
\par software.
\par 
\par c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, with
\par    instructions on where to get the original software distribution.
\par 
\par d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
\par    software (possibly commercial).  But some files in the distribution
\par    are not written by the author, so that they are not under this terms.
\par 
\par 5. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as 
\par    output from the software do not automatically fall under the
\par    copyright of the software, but belong to whomever generated them, 
\par    and may be sold commercially, and may be aggregated with this
\par    software.
\par 
\par 6. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR
\par    IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
\par    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
\par    PURPOSE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par mongrel_cluster is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2006 Bradley Taylor,  bradley@railsmachine.com
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par mongrel_service is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2006 Luis Lavena, luislavena@gmail.com
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
\par included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
\par NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
\par LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
\par OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
\par WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par rake is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2003, 2004 Jim Weirich
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
\par a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
\par "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
\par without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
\par distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
\par permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
\par the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
\par included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
\par EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
\par NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
\par LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
\par OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
\par WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par ruby-net-ldap is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par 
\par Net::LDAP is copyrighted free software by Francis Cianfrocca
\par <garbagecat10@gmail.com>. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either
\par the terms of the GPL (see the file COPYING), or the conditions below:
\par 
\par 1. You may make and give away verbatim copies of the source form of the
\par    software without restriction, provided that you duplicate all of the
\par    original copyright notices and associated disclaimers.
\par 
\par 2. You may modify your copy of the software in any way, provided that you do
\par    at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par    a) place your modifications in the Public Domain or otherwise make them
\par       Freely Available, such as by posting said modifications to Usenet or
\par       an equivalent medium, or by allowing the author to include your
\par       modifications in the software.
\par 
\par    b) use the modified software only within your corporation or
\par       organization.
\par 
\par    c) rename any non-standard executables so the names do not conflict with
\par       standard executables, which must also be provided.
\par 
\par    d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 3. You may distribute the software in object code or executable form,
\par    provided that you do at least ONE of the following:
\par 
\par    a) distribute the executables and library files of the software, together
\par       with instructions (in the manual page or equivalent) on where to get
\par       the original distribution.
\par 
\par    b) accompany the distribution with the machine-readable source of the
\par       software.
\par 
\par    c) give non-standard executables non-standard names, with instructions on
\par       where to get the original software distribution.
\par 
\par    d) make other distribution arrangements with the author.
\par 
\par 4. You may modify and include the part of the software into any other
\par    software (possibly commercial).  But some files in the distribution are
\par    not written by the author, so that they are not under this terms.
\par 
\par    They are gc.c(partly), utils.c(partly), regex.[ch], st.[ch] and some
\par    files under the ./missing directory.  See each file for the copying
\par    condition.
\par 
\par 5. The scripts and library files supplied as input to or produced as output
\par    from the software do not automatically fall under the copyright of the
\par    software, but belong to whomever generated them, and may be sold
\par    commercially, and may be aggregated with this software.
\par 
\par 6. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
\par    WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\par    MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par solr-ruby is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2004-2007, The Apache Foundation.  
\par See http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 for license information. 
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par tzinfo is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par  Copyright (c) 2005-2006 Philip Ross
\par 
\par Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights t
o use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
\par 
\par The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\par 
\par THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AN
D NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEA
LINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par The Java JDK is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2009, Sun Microsystems, Inc.
\par 
\par It also includes some third party licenses described here:
\par   repository/jre/THIRDPARTYLICENSEREADME.txt
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par checkstyle is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights
\par reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
\par       "This product includes software developed by the
\par        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must
\par    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without prior written permission. For written
\par    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
\par    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
\par ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
\par ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
\par OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par log4j is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights
\par reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
\par       "This product includes software developed by the
\par        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must
\par    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without prior written permission. For written
\par    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
\par    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
\par ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
\par ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
\par OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par lucene is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights
\par reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
\par       "This product includes software developed by the
\par        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must
\par    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without prior written permission. For written
\par    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
\par    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
\par ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
\par ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
\par OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par xerces is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights
\par reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
\par       "This product includes software developed by the
\par        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must
\par    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without prior written permission. For written
\par    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
\par    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
\par ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
\par ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
\par OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par poi is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation.  All rights
\par reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
\par are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
\par    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\par    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par    distribution.
\par 
\par 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
\par    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
\par       "This product includes software developed by the
\par        Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/)."
\par    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
\par    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.
\par 
\par 4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must
\par    not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
\par    software without prior written permission. For written
\par    permission, please contact apache@apache.org.
\par 
\par 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache",
\par    nor may "Apache" appear in their name, without prior written
\par    permission of the Apache Software Foundation.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
\par WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
\par OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
\par DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR
\par ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
\par SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
\par LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
\par USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
\par ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
\par OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
\par OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
\par SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Zip and Unzip are subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par This is version 2005-Feb-10 of the Info-ZIP copyright and license.
\par The definitive version of this document should be available at
\par ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html indefinitely.
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1990-2005 Info-ZIP.  All rights reserved.
\par 
\par For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as
\par the following set of individuals:
\par 
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031\insrsid14050666\charrsid9378775 Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois,
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14050666 Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian Gorman, Chris Herborth,
\par    Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031\insrsid14050666\charrsid9378775 David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko,
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14050666 Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs,
\par    Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda,
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\lang1031\langfe1033\langnp1031\insrsid14050666\charrsid9378775 Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren,
\par    }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14050666 Rich Wales, Mike White
\par 
\par This software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express
\par or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held liable
\par for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages
\par arising out of the use of or inability to use this software.
\par 
\par Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
\par including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
\par freely, subject to the following restrictions:
\par 
\par     1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par        definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions.
\par 
\par     2. Redistributions in binary form (compiled executables) must reproduce
\par        the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
\par        conditions in documentation and/or other materials provided with the
\par        distribution.  The sole exception to this condition is redistribution
\par        of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as part of a
\par        self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion of this
\par        license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed from
\par        the binary or disabled.
\par 
\par     3. Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating
\par        systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic,
\par        shared, or static library versions--must be plainly marked as such
\par        and must not be misrepresented as being the original source.  Such
\par        altered versions also must not be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP
\par        releases--including, but not limited to, labeling of the altered
\par        versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation thereof, including,
\par        but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket UnZip," "WiZ"
\par        or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such altered
\par        versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
\par        Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).
\par 
\par     4. Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip,"
\par        "UnZipSFX," "WiZ," "Pocket UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its
\par        own source and binary releases.
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par PostgreSQL is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par PostgreSQL is Copyright ~ 1996-2005 by the PostgreSQL Global
\par Development Group and is distributed under the terms of the license
\par of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}University{\*\xmlclose} of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} below.
\par 
\par Postgres95 is Copyright ~ 1994-5 by the Regents of the University of
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname State}}California{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.
\par 
\par Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and
\par its documentation for any purpose, without fee, and without a
\par written agreement is hereby granted, provided that the above
\par copyright notice and this paragraph and the following two paragraphs
\par appear in all copies.
\par 
\par IN NO EVENT SHALL THE {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}UNIVERSITY{\*\xmlclose} OF {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}CALIFORNIA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} BE LIABLE TO ANY
\par PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
\par DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
\par SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}UNIVERSITY{\*\xmlclose} OF {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}CALIFORNIA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par 
\par THE {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceType}}UNIVERSITY{\*\xmlclose} OF {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PlaceName}}CALIFORNIA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
\par INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE
\par PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname State}}CALIFORNIA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} HAS NO OBLIGATIONS TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT,
\par UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par The PostgreSQL JDBC driver is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par Copyright (c) 1997-2005, PostgreSQL Global Development Group
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
\par modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
\par    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
\par    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 3. Neither the name of the PostgreSQL Global Development Group nor the names
\par    of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
\par    from this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
\par AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
\par ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
\par LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
\par CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
\par SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
\par INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
\par CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
\par ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 The Lytebox Javascript library is subject to the following copyright notice:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid14050666 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9532429 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\insrsid9532429\charrsid9532429 Author: Markus F. Hay (http://www.dolem.com/lytebox)
\par License: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
\par Credit: LyteBox was originally derived from the Lightbox class (v2.02) that was written by Lokesh Dhakar. For more information please visit:
\par    http://huddletogether.com/projects/lightbox2/
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9532429 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 The optparse library is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9532429 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429\charrsid9532429 Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by N.Okazaki
\par 
\par This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
\par warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
\par arising from the use of this software.
\par 
\par Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
\par including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
\par freely, subject to the following restrictions (known as zlib license):
\par 
\par 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
\par    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
\par    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
\par    appreciated but is not required.
\par 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
\par    misrepresented as being the original software.
\par 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
\par 
\par Naoaki Okazaki <{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}okazaki{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} at chokkan.org>}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15937624 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15937624 The hiredis}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15937624 
 library is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9378775 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 Copyright (c) 2009-2011, Salvatore Sanfilippo <antirez at gmail dot com>
\par Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Pieter Noordhuis <pcnoordhuis at gmail dot com>
\par 
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 this li
st of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par 
\par * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par 
\par * Neither the name of Redis nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCID
ENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9532429 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15937624 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15937624 The }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15937624 redis }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid15937624 library is subject to the following copyright notice:
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9378775 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9378775 Copyright (c) 2006-2015, Salvatore Sanfilippo
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\par 
\par     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\par     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\par     * Neither the name of Redis nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
\par 
\par THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT S
HALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS I
NTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9378775\charrsid9532429 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210030dd4329a8060000a41b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87
615b8116d8a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad
79482a9c0498f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b
5d8a314d3c94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab
999fb7b4717509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9
699640f6719e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd586
8b37a088d1e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d6
0cf03ac1a5193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f
9e7ef3f2d117d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be
15c308d3f28acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a9979
3849c26ae66252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d
32a423279a668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2a
f074481847bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86
e877f0034e16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d331115bebc4eb813bf83291b63624a0d1475a756c734f9bbc2cd28546ecbe1e20a3794ca175f3fae90
fb6d2dd99bb07b55e5ccf68942bd0877b23c77b908e8db5f9db7f024d9239010f35bd4bbe2fcae387bfff9e2bc289f2fbe24cfaa301468dd8bd846dbb4ddf1c2
ae7b4c191ba8292337a469bc25ec3d411f06f53a73e224c5292c8de0516732307070a1c0660d125c7d44553488700a4d7bddd3444299910e254ab984c3a219ae
a4adf1d0f82b7bd46cea4388ad1c12ab5d1ed8e1153d9c9f350a3246aad01c6873462b9ac05999ad5cc988826eafc3acae853a33b7ba11cd1445875ba1b236b1
399483c90bd560b0b0263435085a21b0f22a9cf9356b38ec6046026d77eba3dc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c7ca9c225a0f1b0cfae0788ad5
4adc5a9aec1b703b8b93caec1a0bd8e5de7b132fe5113cf312503b998e2c2927274bd051db6b35979b1ef271daf6c6704e86c73805af4bdd476216c26593af84
0dfb5393d964f9cc9bad5c313709ea70f561ed3ea7b053075221d51696910d0d339585004b34272bff7213cc7a510a5454a3b349b1b206c1f0af490176745d4b
c663e2abb2b34b23da76f6352ba57ca2881844c1111ab189d8c7e07e1daaa04f40255c77988aa05fe06e4e5bdb4cb9c5394bbaf28d98c1d971ccd20867e556a7
689ec9166e0a522183792b8907ba55ca6e943bbf2a26e52f48957218ffcf54d1fb09dc3eac04da033e5c0d0b8c74a6b43d2e54c4a10aa511f5fb021a07533b20
5ae07e17a621a8e082dafc17e450ffb739676998b48643a4daa7211214f623150942f6a02c99e83b85583ddbbb2c4996113211551257a656ec1139246ca86be0
aadedb3d1441a89b6a929501833b197fee7b9641a3503739e57c732a59b1f7da1cf8a73b1f9bcca0945b874d4393dbbf10b1680f66bbaa5d6f96e77b6f59113d
316bb31a795600b3d256d0cad2fe354538e7566b2bd69cc6cbcd5c38f0e2bcc63058344429dc2121fd07f63f2a7c66bf76e80d75c8f7a1b622f878a18941d840
545fb28d07d205d20e8ea071b283369834296bdaac75d256cb37eb0bee740bbe278cad253b8bbfcf69eca23973d939b97891c6ce2cecd8da8e2d343578f6648a
c2d0383fc818c798cf64e52f597c740f1cbd05df0c264c49134cf09d4a60e8a107260f20f92d47b374e32f000000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100
0dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f7
8277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89
d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd500
1996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0f
bfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a
0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021
0030dd4329a8060000a41b00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d001400060008
00000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000b20900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ad0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d077
75c59dfcd101feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}